assistant: Add dialog about multiple model providers (#2218)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-assistant/customize.md

## Select your AI provider

By default, Semgrep Assistant uses OpenAI and AWS Bedrock with Semgrep's API keys. 

> Semgrep evaluates available models from multiple providers and selects the best-performing one for each feature, based on the providers enabled for your organization. For optimal results, keep both OpenAI and AWS Bedrock enabled. Enabling additional model providers can further improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep evaluates available models from multiple providers and selects the most performant option for each Assistant feature, based on the providers enabled for your organization. For optimal results, keep both OpenAI and AWS Bedrock enabled. Enabling additional model providers can further improve performance.
```

@Sly1029 I was a bit confused, so not sure if this suggestion makes sense?

Author: Absolutely, thanks for the suggestion!
